you you
I
Carry on my wayward son.
There'll be peace when you are done.
Lay your weary head to rest.
Don't you cry no more.
Once I rose above the noise and confusion Just to get a glimpse beyond this illusion I was soaring ever higher But I flew too high Though my eyes could see I still was a blind man Though my mind could think I still was a mad man I hear the voices when I'm dreaming
Winter rain is the event of the season And if I claim to be a wise man Well, it surely means that I don't know On the stormy sea of moving emotion Tossed about I'm like a ship on the ocean I set a course for winds of fortune But I hear the voices say
Surely heaven waits for you
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
Welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological.
A high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
Look out.
Gotta be careful.
Gotta watch out.
Got to watch out.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological.
I come to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where we are trying to follow the moniker.
Biology is the way.
We're seeking the truth together.
The voice that you hear again is that of Jonathan J Kui.
I'm chief biologist here in the back of my garage.
These pictures are taken in Norway back when I was still an academic biologist.
You can find the stain of that work on the National Library of Medicine website PubMed with my last name Kui, first name JJ.
I have been presenting my
biological interpretation of this military exercise for about five years and for at least three of those years I have been spot on and basically where I am today and what I will present today.
Again on PubMed you can even find papers that I helped write for the group drastic back when I was still thinking that this
might be some kind of laboratory phenomenon.
However, since then, I've learned an awful lot about molecular biology, an awful lot about the exaggeration that has been done with regard to the Human Genome Project and virology in general.
And as I've said, I've tried to present these ideas to groups like PANDA or Medical Doctors for COVID Ethics or Doctors for COVID Ethics or
the National Citizens Inquiry, the Wellness Company Steering Committee, or the Steve Kerr Steering Committee, and working for Children's Health Defense, and even helping write in a book about it.
But still, it didn't work.
I even presented my terrified stance at the Red Pill Expo, where I basically said that this was the first time, because it was, that I was actually coming out publicly and saying that I thought that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was a scripted fraud, that I thought
that Pierre Cory and all of these people were recruited and part of a national security exercise that was part of a management scheme of the population pyramid and since then I've been person non grata nobody really just they just pretend that I don't exist so I've taken that free time to work on my basketball game and I'm going to be starting to teach this history and a new biology on the basketball court and hopefully that will transition me into a
professional basketball player because as a biologist basically my career is over because I've been declared or at least my ideas have been declared chemtrail retarded and I've been declared barracks bitch boy by the former research and development director of the Human Genome Project.
I guess that's basically strike three
for any wannabe biologists.
So it's time for me to be a biology coach on the basketball court.
I'm very excited about that.
If you like what you see here or the last couple of shows, if you found your way to stream.gigaom.bio, please download the PeerTube app.
It works great.
We just updated the website, thanks to Ted.
And I updated the website so that it doesn't have the dark mode on it anymore.
So when you go and you find it, Jason, I'm sorry you missed a Kansas song.
The next song is not going to be Kansas, but there will be another song I think in this broadcast, so you didn't miss everything.
Thanks for being here.
Don't mind me, I'm just a smooth brained retard, at least apparently to the eminent, the incredibly intelligent, the all knowing, all powerful Dr. Jack Cruz.
Now, you might ask, where did that come from?
Let's dig into this a little bit.
So I put out a little bit of a poll the other day was that.
Oh, you didn't hear that.
If I
If you don't know who this guy is, you could try to find out.
His name is Sean Baker.
I'm not saying Sean Baker's a good guy or a bad guy.
I think Sean Baker might be on the border of being recruited.
And how they recruit you is they start to interact with you and they did that I think to Mary Talley Bowden and a few other people or Mary Talley Bowden did that to a few people like me And in this case, it's possible that Jack Cruz is starting to interact with this guy because maybe he's gonna be a pretty useful Health freedom guy and they need to keep him, you know running in the wheel Remember, he's been on stage with these people before so don't get me wrong.
I don't think Sean Baker is
is as outside of the illusion as I am.
But he could be inside of their illusion and actually believe that he is part of something that is a real movement when in fact he's not.
And I think there's a really unique possibility here, opportunity here, because he's a 58-year-old man who has worked out as a, like he's like 250 pounds, he's a monster, and he can dunk now.
or at least I've seen a video of him dunking, and he interacts with me on X. So imagine the scenario where as they are kind of trying to interact with him and recruit him that he would stumble upon my stream that would explain what they're doing and why they're doing it and why it appears as though these people are spontaneous social media actors when in reality they are a network of scripted
actors that goes from podcast to podcast and spouts very specific nonsense.
And the coordinated nature of their script, because they are provided by the same source, results in a very confusing landscape of pseudo-intellectualism that they could use him to be a part of if he could be recruited and put into the right place and in front of the right people.
And so listen to how they're recruiting him right now.
Asking a simple question, what do you feel is the most important determinant of health?
And I listed about five options in no particular order.
They were nutrition, sleep, activity, exercise, stress, and circadian biology, or so-called light.
Now, many people have different opinions on this.
Most people agree that these all seem to have an impact on your health.
And I think they all do.
I think they're all very important.
you could argue about the relative importance, but they're all greatly important in my view, but not according to perhaps Dr. Jack Cruz, who basically said this was something put out by a retard or a retarded tweet specifically, to which I, you know, politely
responded, said, you know, do you think these other things are irrelevant and it's all about life?
And I also inquired about his thoughts on obesity and light.
Does light negate the effects of obesity?
He then went on to respond saying, you are a smooth-brained orthopod.
You know, like an insult because I was an orthopedic surgeon, which by the way, is one of the most challenging, difficult, and highly competitive specialties you can get into, even more so than neurosurgery.
Orthopedics, you have to be incredibly, incredibly
It could also just be that Sean and Dr. Cruz have been scripted to have this little argument so that people that are engaged with them engage with each other, right?
That's another thing that could be happening here.
And so this could be purposeful promotion of Sean Baker at this point, but just see what's going on here because some of the same notes are hit, some of the same sort of bullshit is done, and this is part of the theater.
I'm quite certain this is part of the theater.
successful, smart, hard-working, so on and so forth, to get into orthopedics if you're in medical school.
Any medical student can tell you that.
Aside from that, he goes on, you're a smooth-brained, idiotic orthopedic surgeon with some sort of gobbledygook answer you might expect from perhaps a politician.
And don't misunderstand, here he is telling you you gotta look at X if you wanna follow this controversy, right?
So again, kind of promoting YouTube, very much promoting X as a place where the truth is getting out.
And I can't stress enough how ridiculous that is.
How ridiculous it would be if somebody would say that Elon Musk saved free speech and deserves the Nobel Peace Prize for buying Twitter, for example.
That would be absurd, right?
on LSD or something like that.
It's sort of this highly philosophical, basically nonsense.
Okay, so then again, I inquired, I said, why are you what appears to be about 50, 60 pounds overweight?
You've got this sort of big amount of belly fat.
Do you feel that light negates any negative consequences of that?
And to be honest, pretty much every single bit of scientific data would support that having excess potential, particularly central adiposity is an absolute disaster for your health.
I don't see you can find any literature that would support where that is a good thing.
Now, his response to that, I mean, not directly to me, but to other people that have asked about that over the years, because, you know, he doesn't appear to be in shape at all.
He appears to be, you know, kind of an older guy.
He's probably, to be honest, he's probably about my age.
I'm almost 60, I think we're of a similar age, probably within a few years.
And, you know, obviously, I feel that I'm in pretty decent shape, you know, physically, at least.
It's funny that he's calling Dr. Cruz out, but he doesn't call out, like, Peter Hotez, for example, who's also horribly out of shape and overweight for his tiny size.
But, you know, he appears not to be so.
But he explains that away by saying that, you know, you can have a lot of excess fat as long as it's, you know,
Leptin sensitive and light will have an impact on this and this is all purely conjecture speculative on his part probably just Deflecting or rationalizing why he probably can't stop eating junk food or whatever.
He does see I see a lot of this editing as work as a person who does raw casting where everything that I do is like right now and If it doesn't work because my slider was down too far only if you had your volume high enough Did you hear the buzzer?
That's because everything that I do is live and nothing that these people do is live.
Nothing is one take.
Everything is edited.
And so already at the start, at this point, this is where the reality begins.
If you want to get off of social media, you got to stop watching pre-prepared videos that are made by a team of people, even if it's just two.
because the potential for scripting, the potential for perfecting the scripting is too high.
And so if you want to know the truth, you got to talk to somebody who has a broken voice.
You have to listen to somebody who's live.
You have to listen to somebody who touches every button and cues every slide or however they do it.
Goodness me, Jonathan Cooey has all these crazy graphics because he uses PowerPoint.
Are you gonna tell me that any of these people are just not capable of producing a PowerPoint that reflects what they would like to say in an interesting enough way to augment their speech?
Can you see how much of an admission that is that there isn't anyone on the internet that uses PowerPoint to teach anything, to make any points at all?
Given how powerful it is?
Nobody uses it.
They instead make edited videos with clips that are in here and zooming in and zooming out.
They're not setting up the cameras.
They're not making sure everything is focused.
They're not choosing the F-stop or the virtual ISO.
They're not lighting and putting lights on the desk.
They're not choosing what to put in the background based on what they've collected over their entire life.
Their lifetime isn't represented in the background.
My lifetime is represented in the background here.
I can just go to that back shelf and pick up stuff from my real life.
Not from a Cracker Barrel garage sale.
Not from shit that Rumble brought into my house.
Every single one of the things that's in my background here is something that I already understand and know.
I know where it is, I know if my kids messed around with it, and I know why it's there, because it's mine.
because I have this kind of weird collecting, nostalgia, old stuff thing.
So I'm surrounded by stupid binoculars and random optics and all kinds of little gadgets that I found in laboratories that I've cleaned up over the years.
There's four sets of walkie-talkies for I don't know why.
And all of that stuff isn't there just by garbage.
Those two lightsabers that are hanging there are lightsabers that my brother gave me for Christmas, for the last Christmas before he told me to fuck off and go get a hotel room.
And my family fell apart.
I lost my brother and my sister-in-law and my sister and my dad and my mom and everybody because, you know, they don't want to take sides.
This is my life here.
These books are bought with my own money so that I could read them and teach a biology that made more sense than the stuff on television.
I didn't get in Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's book by accident.
I don't have viewers making me needlepoint on accident.
I have that happening because I am one of the few actually real people on the internet.
I don't make edited videos.
I make live shit.
And until you're following somebody who writes their own scripts and reads their own books and comes to their own conclusions and then tries to express it to you in a meaningful way, you're not watching anything on the internet but bullshit.
It keeps him basically obese.
Anyway, that is kind of the background here.
And I will tell you that even if he is right, you know, even if he says, well, I can be obese and I can just have the light and it's going to, you know, protect me and give me greater longevity.
And I will say that, you know, certainly we do know that light, you know, particularly latitude is an independent risk factor for longevity.
Those people that live
Strange, right?
Because if he believes what he says, if somebody calls you a smooth-brained retard, and you don't respond by saying this person is pushing a bunch of nonsense about light, and go very specific on what he says that's true, like circadian rhythms are real, sure they are, absolutely.
But that's not what Cruz says.
That's not where Cruz stops.
We need to wake up and apologize to our children for having fallen into this trap where we think that something's real is happening here, when it's just actors playing themselves in real life.
And reality TV has become, podcast TV has become podcast governance.
At the, you know, more equatorial latitudes tend to, when all the things are equalized, tend to live a bit longer.
There may be some confounders within that, like, you know,
warmer weather, more activity, on and on and on, you can imagine.
But even if he's correct, I mean, even put himself, put him in the same position that Hickok is in right now, Hickok 45.
Maybe.
Maybe there's a small chance that Sean Baker's just a good guy who eats meat and lifts weights and wants to dunk and is now finding his star rising.
And these people are trying to incorporate him into the show.
They've had him on stage a few times.
They've had me on stage a few times.
They paid me to help write a book and put my name in the acknowledgements, in the index and in the quotes.
So, you know, it can happen.
And so it's possible that Sean Baker could be woken up to these retards.
And he could start saying that, you know, intramuscular injections specifically, he would know because he's got so many fricking muscles.
that intramuscular injection's just kinda dumb, and it wouldn't be better for him because he's got more muscles or something like that, and it wouldn't be harder on somebody else because they have less muscles, or would it?
Or, see, we could get this doctor thinking, it's possible, we could get this doctor thinking about RNA versus DNA, or the idea that an old technology called transfection was renamed so that people like him wouldn't realize that it was happening.
maybe Sean Baker could be woken.
I don't know.
Send him this video about some of these things.
And if he wants to change the mindset of many people, which I hope to do, I hope that people will listen to me and hopefully improve their health by some of the things I've been helping with and many of you have, and certainly I appreciate the comments, you know, acknowledging that.
But if you put yourself out there as a health specialist, a longevity specialist, a whatever specialist where people are going to take health advice from you, then you should at least appear to be healthy.
Maybe that seems a little bit biased, but if you want to be taken seriously and not dismissed,
then why not?
You know, why not just present yourself as someone who's physically fit if you can?
And if you can't get there, then you have to ask why?
What is wrong that is preventing me from achieving at least the appearance of health?
I do think that this is one of the things that Sean brings to the table that might make him a danger to them.
Now I still will point out that these are edited videos, and it's possible that Sean is also a pretty good video editor.
It's not like any of these tricks are exceptional, but it's just work.
It's time.
That's all I see here is time.
Even the fact that my friend in Boston, Mark Kulak, takes the time to edit his videos a little bit and clean them up a little bit, that's time.
And it's time that I've chosen never to put into any of my shows.
One, because I don't know there's as much to cut out of my shows as there can be of other people's shows.
And number two, because it takes away from the time to make tomorrow's show.
It takes a lot of thought and energy to come online every day and do two and a half hours of this, especially with no script, no staff, no editing, no prompting, no table full of ideas.
This is just me streaming from my heart based on the fact that the last six years have been populated by liars that are now on television and podcasts and social media rising.
Rising, rising, while we still have 3,199 subscribers and less than 100 paying subscribers on GigaOMBiological.com.
Think about that.
I have less than 100 people willing to give me $10 a month.
And that's just by design because nothing of the content on YouTube can be justified the number of views that it gets.
These are not high level, high information, high entertaining, engaging videos.
and they get thousands and thousands more views than anything that's produced by a thoughtful, live, PhD, academic, former scientific advisor.
It's just, it's ridiculous.
And I'm not whining, I'm pointing out the abject absurdity that we have an internet and a social media that is absolutely overwhelmed with nonsense
And we are being told we need to worry about AI slop, and we are being told that we need to worry about Russian interference, and we are being told we need to worry about anonymous users.
And we're being told that this is like a meaningful debate, you know, like this is important.
These guys are important where they're really helping a lot of people say what's not all about looks is what's on the inside But I got to tell you a lot of it's about looks right people that can function at high level high capacity They're in shape that a physically fit are by and large healthier than those people that aren't that's just the way it is obviously I was basically my own business that all of a sudden I get this you're a smooth brain retard out of nowhere and I
I've never interacted with this guy.
See, I'm not, I wasn't minding my own business.
I was part of Steve Kirsch's steering committee when the Steve Kirsch steering committee wanted me to do a presentation about clones.
And then about a month later, one of the people that was in that presentation, the former research and development director of the Human Genome Project, Mr. Kevin McKernan, decided to write a whole substack about how those ideas were chemtrail retarded.
Later calling me Barrick's bitch boy, but blocking me on X so that I couldn't defend myself or debate him in any way.
Blocking me on Substack so that I couldn't reply with a note or a comment just the same way that Jessica Hockett has blocked me on Substack and X and everywhere else so that I can't interact with her misrepresenting my ideas in a shitty way.
And so it's possible
that they are trying to get in touch with him, trying to get him to interact.
But remember, he's been on stage with them before.
And so it's more likely that this is more smoke and mirrors in the wrong direction, keeping everybody running around in the metal sphere on motorcycles and bamboozled by the fire and smoke.
before.
I've been, you know, kind of tangentially aware of some of his work over the years and I do appreciate and I think he has helped to share some of the knowledge of the benefits of circadian biology and among others.
He's not the only guy out there.
Holy cow, is that bad?
I mean, it's just really bad.
It's just really bad.
Yeah, ladies and gentlemen, I don't know.
It's a lot of actors.
If he's doing Botox, that would fit perfect into the narrative as I see it.
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the show.
You're right in the middle of your hamster wheel week.
And so I thank you very much for taking the time to listen.
I'm going to bombard you with about six videos and then take off to basketball.
So hang on tight, because it's a lot.
It's a lot.
Mark Kulak still kicking ass.
Mark Kulak works at Housatonic ITS and Housatonic 2 on YouTube.
Don't forget about Joe Marshall on YouTube and Rumble, the Liberty Perspective.
I mean, I don't know who to point you to, really.
I just know who not to point you to.
I know how to tell you to get off social media.
The illusion of consensus is still being maintained by Team Worst Case Scenario.
I got lots of evidence of that.
And I want to make sure that you understand that all these other people are not offering you a reason.
I'm offering you a reason.
It's because there's only one chance in history to collect the data that their AI could use to solve the Human Genome Project.
That's the problem of all problems.
The game of all games.
And so they have been using a sophisticated means of manipulating our organized habits and opinions in order so that they can rule us that we wouldn't even know, that we might even beg for the system that they need to be implemented.
And they have a very lively debate on shows like Joe Rogan, and here we are.
We have a fractured country.
And it's possible that the fracture is unhealable if we don't get the country off of social media.
Well, it is.
It is unhealable if we don't get the country off of social media.
We need to raise children that don't use it.
We need to interact with adults by not using it.
We need to insist that other adults don't use it.
Social media is
their social control grid, and common sense will tell you that I'm right.
Common sense will definitely tell you that I'm right.
And non-compliance, that's what it is.
It's get off of social media.
It's not, it's not don't download their, don't use their QR code.
It's don't use their social media.
The truth is easy to see once you realize that even our very history, the history of this biology has been fudged by actors.
And so they coerced the parents and then the parents willingly gave their children because, you know, submission is submission.
And that's what these guys are all about.
These are narrative control monkeys.
Too bad we lost David Baltimore because now we have Vincent Rackin' Yellow in his place, which is a real, real lightweight.
Things are becoming weak because the charlatans that are in front of us are weak.
They are not all capable of staying on script if we learn the truth.
They're just not capable of it anymore.
That's my hope.
That's the hope that I have to offer you.
That you can learn enough biology to actually have a discussion with somebody like Kevin McKernan and destroy him.
You have enough, there is enough biology out there that you can find it and learn it.
It'd be ideal if everybody's life path crossed gigaohm at some time or another, but as long as we get this biology out and people should have known better, are held to the fire, are held to account, then we're gonna be okay.
But the illusion does require your participation to sustain.
Intramuscular injection is dumb.
Transfection of healthy people was crazy.
RNA can't pandemic.
Of course it can't!
And we got to take back these words and these concepts and be able to articulate them in a way that they can't argue with.
That's what I'm trying to do here on this screen.
Please screenshot this, learn it, and maybe try to prove them wrong.
Maybe try to understand what they mean and in a big way, especially that last one.
especially this last one, just not in the ways you've been fooled into believing.
That's what the anti-vax, the fake anti-vax movement was all about.
It's been a long journey from Marvin the Martian to here, but we are definitely here.
Biology is the way, life is a pattern, integrity.
Welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen.
I sued the Biden administration and I won that lawsuit.
And what we found through discovery was that 37 hours after President Biden took the oath of office, swearing to uphold the Constitution, he appointed a group in the White House to censor me and other people.
But I was the first one censored.
And we now have the emails between him and this group and Mark Zuckerberg and other people
Twitter, et cetera, which Elon made public.
Now remember, this is the guy who is on video.
They just showed it on Frontline PBS.
Let me just run it around a little bit longer.
And thank God for him.
And made public.
And other people at People.
But I was the first one censored, and they took the oath of office, swearing to uphold the Constitution.
He appointed a group in the White House.
Now remember, this is a man who's on video, and they showed it on a PBS Frontline video last week.
that he said that the vaccine schedule in America is equivalent to Nazi death camps.
And he is now the health and human services secretary of the United States.
And he's on Dr. Phil primetime because we are being ruled by podcast.
He's on Dr. Phil to make sure that only one part of America sees this because that's how we are being governed.
to censor me and other people.
But I was the first one censored.
And we now have the emails between him.
And what did they censor you about?
Wouldn't this be the perfect time to say that the vaccine schedule in America is a criminal enterprise because intramuscular injection of a combination of substances would be retarded?
But of course he's not gonna say that.
Because he's a national security actor on a script that he doesn't even understand.
because Gavin DeBecker and Mary Holland and Meryl Nass and Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan and all the others have been lying to him for years.
Between this group and Mark Zuckerberg.
If anybody's smooth-brained, it's a heroin addict over here.
And other people at Twitter, et cetera, which Elon made public, and thank God for him.
So thank God for Elon Musk and thank God for Donald Trump.
That's Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
in 2025.
Oops.
See, that's what live casting is.
If you leave the music on in the background, but you just turn it down, then when you turn the volume back up, the music is still playing.
That's how you can tell that this isn't AI or some other bullshit.
It's real.
Because it is just a biologist in the back of his garage in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
And if anybody would like to take a vacation in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and sit on the couch live,
That's right, live.
You could sit on the couch right over there.
You see that couch?
You could sit on that couch right there.
We could even make a fire outside of that door and we could sit around the fire and we could do the same show.
But you could be in the live audience.
If you ever want to do that, just let me know.
Let Fearla know and we'll make some arrangements and you can be in the live studio audience of GigaOM Biological.
I don't think you'd have free speech in this country if it wasn't for Elon Musk because he opened up Twitter and he allowed people to see what was actually happening.
You see, that's a national security script.
There's no way in hell that anybody actually believes that Elon Musk is a significant figure, a profound thinker, a wise old man.
That guy is a buffoon.
That guy is a below average monkey who's fat.
And he's been propped up by the National Security State to make us believe that he's capable of running like seven different companies that do like seven different engineering things.
Because he's smart.
And he bought Twitter.
And he saved free speech!
I mean, doesn't that completely undermine him as a scholar and a thinker and a philosopher and a patriot?
Doesn't that turn him into an absolute smooth-brained retard like right now?
But it doesn't matter because he's on Dr. Phil.
Who is the audience of Dr. Phil?
Who's watching a Dr. Phil clip on X?
Do you see the problem here?
America is broken.
And it was broken on purpose.
These people are victims.
They are not willing participants.
They are victims of a military level operation to create the illusion of a conservative populist movement on social media and then to destroy it by discrediting it, fracturing it, breaking it into a million pieces.
And the theater of Charlie Kirk is certainly a part of it, maybe even accelerated because they have lost control of this.
They have lost control of their happy girl puppet show.
By the way, against the advice of all of his attorneys,
He turned all these documents over to a bunch of journalists and said, do what you want with them.
Think about that.
He turned them over to Matt Taibbi.
Matt Taibbi is the guy who used to call Goldman Sachs a terrible vampire squid.
But since the start of the pandemic has been totally OK with everything they're doing with lockdowns and wanted to elect some alternative group of people with Brett Weinstein and Melissa Chen.
And then later on, went in front of the Congress to testify about a lab leak cover up.
Holy shit, can it be any easier than this?
That's unheard of.
The entire planet has fallen off a cliff into the stupid zone where I don't even know what's going on anymore.
This is a small planet.
We have to work together and live together and we can do that.
You are famous for speaking up about this, about refugees and about Palestinians.
And all of these things are massively in the news at the moment.
And what's not massively in the news are the six or 700,000 Americans that have been killed by an illegal opioid epidemic on the streets of America and how those numbers have contributed to a population effect that has been falsely attributed by all of these scripted actors to a novel virus or to a bioweapon slash vaccine.
No one will talk about the fact that supplementary oxygen at 60 liters a minute that was widely applied across the United States would induce acute respiratory distress syndrome.
You know, that set of symptoms that was associated with SARS viruses in 2002 and again in 2020.
And yet Pierre Kory still can't say it and the lawyers and doctors and even Scott Shara himself can't say that that's what killed his daughter.
because it was actually Scott Shara that pointed out to me that the FLCC protocol from 2020 included if your pulse ox as measured by a cheap Amazon device goes under 96%, you better go to the hospital where they'll give you supplementary oxygen.
And so the truth is very simple.
And Richard Gere is certainly not smart enough to know that part of the truth, the biological part of the truth.
But he's certainly smart enough to know that Americans being killed by the hundreds of thousands every year is in a more acute problem in his backyard than whatever he's on this program for right now.
There's been enormous change.
Is there a thread that runs through these things?
The bad guys exploit the illusion of differences.
You really think these refugees and immigrants are different than us?
Do you really believe what these clowns like Trump, Orban, Netanyahu, Putin really believe what these guys say?
Or do you look at your heart and you go,
It's impossible that somebody as rich and isolated
and insulated from reality as Richard Gere is anything but a scripted traitor.
And he's too dumb to know that he's a scripted traitor.
He thinks he's doing good because every single person around him tells him he's doing good, just like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
...are dumping on us.
Get rid of that, the crud, and go back to who we really are.
which is really profound kindness inside of us.
That's our identity.
And that kindness expresses itself in responsibility, which is we're being responsible for each other.
I want to save him because I know he has something that will save me.
Think about that, how ridiculous it is that an American would be lecturing about saving people from other places right now, given the state of America.
given what they are doing to Americans, given the number of immigrants we already have in the country that are being underserved apparently, given all the veterans that are homeless.
I mean, this is just ridiculous.
This is ridiculous, and it's only possible because people are skillfully using social media, and therefore watching the stuff that's put in front of them.
And finally, Lucas, Richard mentioned the images of the Earth that have been taken from space.
Have you seen them?
I've seen them.
When I see a map, it's so small, and so many people.
I keep thinking, how does a human being end up destroying this resource?
which many times serves for humanity.
We've got to pull our heads out of social media and start to organize via snail mail, email, and our own websites, and our own servers, because this is for all the marbles.
This is for the grandchildren of Earth.
More specifically, maybe right now, it's about the children of Earth knowing the truth.
It's about us reconnecting with our children so that we are on the same page as them with regard to what we want to build as a country in the future.
What trees we want to plant and where we want to plant them even though we're never going to be around to
Shelter in the shade that they provide ladies and gentlemen We first must admit to our children that we were fooled by a lab leak mystery cover-up That we were fooled by a fake health freedom movement Then we've been fooled by a fake anti-vax movement by a fake populist conservative movement in America otherwise the social media airwaves wouldn't be filled with debates about Nick Fuentes and and and and Tucker Carlson or Carl Tuckerson because
They would be talking about how well GigaOM Biological dissected the absurdity of Andrew Huff's presence and script that he read a few days before, because it exposes the fraud of CHD, ICANN, and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
It's impossible that at the same time people are planning a multifaceted mitochondria conference in Glasgow, Scotland, that includes mitochondrial communication.
Read this paragraph.
This symposium aims to reflect the variety in mitochondrial research, providing engaging and forward-looking talks on mitochondrial bioenergetics, dynamics, their mechanisms of homeostasis and stress signaling, their functions in intra
And intercellular communication.
Gee, I wonder what you would call a genetic signal or a packet of RNA sent by a mitochondria that's related to bacteria.
Would you call that a mitophage or something like that?
Hmm.
And let's see.
And their role in metabolism, disease, and therapy.
So again, ladies and gentlemen, of course they're going to try and slow roll you to the truth in some ways, and that the academic, the sheer raw energy of academic biology is eventually going to go in that direction, but it's still trapped.
And although there are people who understand the idea of endosymbiosis, and how endosymbiosis might work, or this might be evidence of it,
They are still trapped in this idea that endosymbiosis has to fit within the context of an evolution over time.
And that the DNA is at the heart of that evolution over time.
And that's where this all falls apart.
That's where the Human Genome Project falls apart.
That's where, you know, Biology 101 falls apart.
And so that's why you see the world cognitively fracturing in real time, where people have too much to waste their time on, and the truth is slowly leaking out, but just...
in a place and in a way that has no consequence on our collective understanding of ourselves as a... He was trying to protect the business of science.
...an irreducibly complex, you know, pattern integrity with an trajectory across time.
And that's what this is about.
So, again, there's no way to explain how this actor
who was first presented to us in this context in 2015 opposite Paul Offit and Mary Holland on Democracy Now!
could be here in 2025.
If he believes what he says in this short clip then he should be doing crazy shit right now to try and make this truth get out.
But he's not.
So you can't say that the sky has already fallen and that aliens have already landed and then go back to
You know, by the way, I gotta run to Whole Foods, and then I've got this, you know, meeting, and then I've got this other stuff to do, and then I still gotta renew my subscription, and yeah, I also was gonna mow the lawn later.
It just doesn't work like that.
And you can't call the vaccine schedule 15 years ago, Nazi death camps, and then be the Health and Human Services Secretary worried about dying Froot Loops.
That's not possible.
except if it's a bullshit national security theater.
And this, what he says, is not possible unless he too is a scripted national security state actor.
We want to think that the scientists that work in cancer research want to cure cancer and they should win the Nobel Prize and that they're noble people and honorable people.
But there's also the business of science, and it's run by billions and billions of dollars.
Anthony Fauci was the head of the business of science ever since 9-11.
After 9-11, we became more concerned with biological warfare, so we directed... After 9-11, we became more concerned with biological warfare.
An interesting hypothesis, Rand Paul.
Maybe you should talk to, I don't know, Mark Kulak in Boston.
Mark Cusatonic might have something to say about that one.
Billions and billions of dollars into biological warfare research.
Now, if it became known... Isn't it strange that this is like a couple days old?
How much more internet ass could giga ohm biological and Housatonic ITS be kicking right now?
The intellectual dark web is wiping the proverbial floor
with the Military-Industrial Complex show that stems from Joe Rogan to Rand Paul.
It is spectacular.
It's spectacular!
that a virus that killed 15, 18 million people, which COVID did around the world, if it became known that he knew about it and didn't provide oversight and that there were safety lapses because this was done in an unsafe lab in China that doesn't have the same safety protocols and that he approved it, then he would have culpability and that the business of science might get less money.
People might
say, well, maybe we shouldn't put billions of dollars of research into creating viruses that don't exist in nature that might kill us all.
If you preside over an accident that kills 18 million people, and you're an air traffic controller, and to- It's an accident that killed 18 million people on earth.
But, you know, I got a lot of things on my plate.
The planes run into each other and hundreds of people die.
You're no longer the air traffic controller.
One of the punishments is, and it doesn't mean you were made necessarily an evil person, but you made a horrific error.
Fauci made the largest error in modern medicine and in public health policy probably ever of someone.
And for that, he deserves the rebuke of history.
But he also deserves never to be in a position, nor should his lieutenants be in a position, of managing any of our taxpayer money again because
They made such a profound mistake to fund dangerous research in Wuhan without adequate safety that led to the deaths of 18 million people.
We found evidence that he destroyed federal records and he directed others to destroy federal records.
These are separate crimes.
There is a question whether or not his pardon will cover that.
We're going to see if he will voluntarily come in and testify.
But if he doesn't, we will subpoena him.
There are a lot of shenanigans going on, things that really you talk about Watergate or you talk about scandals.
They all pale.
The COVID cover-up, I wrote a whole book on this, Deception, the great COVID cover-up, because there's never been a cover-up more thoroughly.
I don't know if I have that book.
Rand Paul has a great COVID cover-up.
I don't think I have that one either.
What's going on here?
This is a lot of books missing.
I do have a viewer sending me Andrew Huff's book.
So if you're thinking about sending me Andrew Huff's book, don't do it, please, because I don't want lots of copies of them.
I already have three copies of The Invisible Rainbow, but I use those for calf raises.
So that's fine, because they're all the same size.
Anyway, I don't know who published his book.
It's a good question.
We can find that out.
We documented, because we got most of their conversations.
Anyway, it just keeps rolling to the insider Honored to be part of the one of the first ones I guess you're doing early on absolutely last time I tangled with you was the hundred and Seventy-fifth indeed you remember in New York City.
I think we kicked it off.
That's right But we're not gonna tangle this time because this time one of the things we want to do with this show Is that we want to have conversations with people who disagree with our we'll have a different world view than we do know the enemy.
I
Exactly.
But you definitely have a very different worldview.
You're a populist nationalist.
So he's trying to pretend that he is an enemy of the UK because he's an American.
So this is the basic schtick right here.
This is the basic joke that he is a populist American patriot leading a populist conservative movement that's unstoppable with Trump at the head.
When in reality, he is probably coordinating his actions
with a Commonwealth-centered network of actors and agents and money that was behind Turning Point, that was behind Trump, that was behind Teal, that's behind all of this stuff, behind Musk, behind everything.
And ultimately it doesn't matter, it's just that you have to see that what we're seeing here is rule by podcast.
If these clowns are on a script and he's on a script, and the script that he is on is coordinated with other people, and the script that they're on is coordinated with other people,
then this show is just malevolent bullshit.
And that's what I'm suggesting it is.
From the carpet, to the couch, to the drapes, to the freaking three pens that this fraudulent jackass puts in his shirt every day.
We're classical liberals, but we really think it's important to understand your worldview better.
I want to start by really getting you to paint a picture for me of what the America that you want to create is.
You are now partway through the MAGA revolution.
Let's assume you're successful.
Just paint a picture for me of what America looks like when you're successful.
in America where the little guy, the person that the system is based upon, the working class and middle class in our country.
We're supposed to believe that this Harvey Weinstein associated film producer, former intellectual property expert for Goldman Sachs is now just a guy who wears three pens because he writes shit down a lot.
And he wears Carhartt shirts because he's that hardcore.
And he doesn't know how to comb his hair or get a haircut because he doesn't give a shit.
This is one of the fakest, most fraudulent Americans alive.
He deserves rotten vegetables for the rest of his life.
Sharing the prosperity, we actually have returned to capitalism, because we don't have capitalism today, as much as you guys hawk it.
This is corporatism.
And that's an announcement.
So he's just explaining to you what the reality is, and he's going to pretend that he's fighting it, when in reality, this is a Goldman Sachs, Harvey Weinstein fuckwit.
Oh no, I just said it.
I'm very sorry about that.
I just said the F word and I did not want to say the F word anymore, but he is.
He's a shithead.
He is an absolutely awful, fraudulent man who is pretending to be something that he definitely is not.
And this is a man who hugged Li Min Yan on stage and said into the microphone, we need to elect Li Min Yan for Senator of New York in 2020 as part of a lab leak circus theater.
that included Steven Hatfill who was just fired from CMS or from ASPR yesterday because I guess there's some kind of coup against RFK Jr.
So we have to break that.
We have to give the little guy an opportunity to thrive since the whole system rests upon him.
We're at political war.
I say that every day.
So what's the end point of a war?
The end point is we are in charge.
We control the institutions.
We control the political process.
We actually have reclaimed this country, turned it around, put citizens first, and created a entrepreneurial capitalism paradise
for average people in this country to happen to be citizens and we're not going to back off because Elon Musk is successful because of the entrepreneurial paradise and Jeff Bezos is successful because of the entrepreneurial paradise because
CHD is successful because of the entrepreneurial paradise.
Because ICANN is successful because of the entrepreneurial paradise.
We have been subjected to AI slop because of the entrepreneurial paradise.
We have been censored by private social media because of the entrepreneurial paradise of America.
What a crock of shit!
one inch until we get it.
And guess what?
We're winning.
You use the word war a lot.
If you really think there is a risk of civil war and the situation is as bad as you are saying, don't you have a responsibility as someone who sees this and who's a student of history and has seen what has happened in history to calm things down?
Not to calm things down at all.
Oh wow, a large pizza here in Pittsburgh is still like $14.
And actually you can buy one, get one free on Wednesdays, which is today.
Oh, that's not good.
people.
Do you think if we calm things down they're going to stop?
What planet are you living on?
This is my problem with this whole concept of liberal debate.
We're in a revolutionary time, both technologically, geopolitically, right?
Financially.
You're, you're talking.
See, technologically, he means social media.
So all the people that are in charge have to figure out how they're going to adapt to the social media landscape.
Who are they going to hire?
What strategies are they going to use?
That's what he's talking about.
Because how people know things is social media.
So, you better get with the program, right?
Just like PBS NewsHour says, you better get with the program.
Maybe you should start a substack.
Maybe you should open a locals account.
Get off of social media, ladies and gentlemen.
And yes, Gigo and Biological offers an alternative.
A soapbox just like Truth Social, just like Blue Sky.
Our soapbox instance is exactly the same thing.
And so, yeah, we offer you an alternative that can work.
You can use Mastodon to follow it if you don't want to use that website that we provide.
And PeerTube, the app, actually works.
And it's not our code, it's everybody's code.
And it doesn't take your data.
And it doesn't serve you crap you don't want to see, like all social media does.
Get off it, ladies and gentlemen.
Get your kids off it.
This magazine, you tell me, we're heading to financial Armageddon.
There's no other way you can read this.
If you don't warn people about it and say, we must go to the ramparts, because if you're just passive and docile and just flick the channel and watch the National Football League.
He's acting.
This smoke and huff and puff, it's acting.
He's just telling you out loud, we're bankrupt.
America is bankrupt and we are bankrupting it.
And we are taking advantage of the bankruptcy.
We are using it to our advantage to strip the entire wealth of America clean.
And he knows it because he comes from Goldman Sachs.
Aaron Seary knows it because he comes from Goldman Sachs.
And for that matter, he clerked for the Supreme Court Chief Justice of Israel.
Yes, Aaron Seary did.
That's how he started his career because I guess you can just apply for that on Indeed and get hired.
and go to Taylor Swift concerts, it's over.
You need to rally people to say no.
We must go to the ramparts because if you're just passive and docile and just flick the channel and watch the National Football League and go to Taylor Swift concerts.
See, Taylor Swift concerts and the National Football League are not the dangers.
I think you'd be better off going to a Taylor Swift concert, or going to a National Football League game, or organizing a neighborhood watching of a local football game, than you would being on social media trying to do whatever he's encouraging you to do.
Go to the Ramparts!
Stop lying!
He's full of shit.
He's an awful man.
Concerts, it's over.
You need to rally people to say no.
You represent from time immemorial, from every patriot's grave back to the beginning, the basic working man and woman that has always saved this country in moments of crisis.
Okay, obviously Taylor Swift is not who I would say you should go to.
I think live music, though, is a good idea.
And the smaller the band and the smaller the venue, the better.
Preferably a venue that allows you to smoke.
How's that?
Revolution in the Civil War, in the Great Depression, World War II.
It's always come back to the little guy.
This is the fourth turning.
The strength of the populist nationalist MAGA movement.
There were people from the very beginning in 2020 talking about the fourth turning.
In fact, on the burning platform where I was first connected to Mark Maron,
They were talking about the fourth turning constantly.
I think it was actually at the top of the website's heading.
And they were always talking about the authors of that book.
So it's not by accident that this guy is also pushing that idea because they do want to make societal changes.
They do want to create societal momentum.
And then they're going to use social media to make believe that society has decided to do a certain number of dumb things.
And then that's what we're going to say we're doing.
It's all too easy now, ladies and gentlemen.
All we gotta do is get off of social media and this becomes impossible.
And then it turns into the, you know, Star Trek series that it actually is.
It turns into the A-Team, which is what it actually is.
It turns into, you know, Law & Order, stupid, you know, dum-dum-dum.
in this country is we're anti-fragile.
We're resilient.
You can give us your best shot.
You can put us in prison.
You can take our credit cards away.
You can debank us.
You can de-platform us.
You can have all the tech stuff that happened.
We can't be beaten if we don't quit.
And if that takes hot rhetoric, you ain't seen nothing yet, because we're now getting into the middle of this fight, and we're never going to kowtow to these people.
We're never going to
He's like pointing to these people.
It's just ridiculous.
It's so absurd.
We must wake up, people.
Americans must wake up from this enchantment.
This is absurdity upon absurdity spread too thin over way too much bullshit wafer here.
Wow.
Get on our knees to these people.
We're never going to apologize.
We're never going to say we're sorry.
All we care about is victory begets victory begets victory.
And we know that we're ascended and they're in decline.
So Steve, when you look at history and you map the lessons of history onto the situation today, the crisis we're in today,
Is it your belief that the only way through this crisis is through some sort of conflagration?
I want you to think about the fact that my son goes to a high school called Bethel Park High School where Matthew Crooks went to high school, the guy who decided to climb up on a roof in Butler, Pennsylvania and try to shoot Donald Trump according to the narrative and just barely missed, hit his ear.
The school never did anything to find out what social media Matthew Crooks was on, never did anything to find out what social media Matthew Crooks might have used in order to think about or get the idea or even plan his trip to Butler, Pennsylvania to shoot from a roof.
There's no consensus at the school that, you know, discord is dangerous or, you know, uh, Snapchat might be bad or they don't even have any thing to discuss it with the kids.
You know, at the beginning of the year, let's remind everybody the history of this school and what happened and how we don't want to have that happen anymore.
They just completely pretend that it never occurred.
And that happened.
The guy's house is four blocks from my house.
It's on my dog walk.
And nobody knows.
The entire community just doesn't know who this family is or where they went or what happened to his kids or whatever.
Nobody cares.
It's just gone.
That can't be real.
That can't possibly be real.
But it is.
It's real life in America.
Real life in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, real life is what it is, that these people just seem to not see it.
This ally of Donald Trump doesn't care that we don't know why that teenager went on the roof.
Doesn't care about the teenage daughter on Alex Jones of Sasha Latupova behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
Doesn't care because he's part of that show.
It is very dark times in American history right now, but you wouldn't know it if you skillfully watch social media.
It's just very exciting.
And if so, do you think your role is to.
accelerate that to bring it out so that it happens fast and you come out on the other side better and faster?
Or is it to stop the crisis?
Is it a belief that actually, you know what, we can work to stop the crisis and actually change is better brought about through evolution rather than revolution?
This is what's not evolution.
I think that to avoid
actual civil conflict, which I think you're seeing right now, the beginning of the harbinger of it.
If you want to stop that, you have to bind together tighter.
We, as a populist nationalist movement, as a MAGA movement, we need to do like the... Every time they say it, it's just an enchantment.
It makes it real by saying it's real.
Just like Scott Shara came all the way from Wisconsin to Pittsburgh
to say on my live stream that Satan was real and Satan was controlling everybody.
I'm sorry ladies and gentlemen, but it's really dark times in America and almost everybody that is anything on social media is bought and controlled, scripted and sold out.
It's done.
And so the way forward is out.
Otherwise you are subjecting yourself to governance by podcast.
There is no truth there.
None at all.
redistricting fights, we need to get, this is why I was down in Texas, we need to get the House in a situation that is permanently defendable by the MAGA movement, right?
So it's a blocking mechanism.
And take that, like I said, you move a maximalist strategy with a sense of urgency, and you seize the institutions.
And that's what we're doing right now.
I don't see how that is a recipe for diffusing this crisis.
I think that what happens is when people feel shut out of power and interest groups cannot get representation and cannot get an input into the way that policy is made, that's precisely when you end up with civil war.
I disagree.
I think the mechanism will be that people in the Democratic Party will adjust and change, say, hey, we actually have to start winning elections and we have to have a message that can resonate with many Americans
Oh, so now the Democratic Party will change, too, and become good again, and that's how America will rise.
That we can start getting back control of the House of Representatives, we can take the Senate, and most importantly, we take the presidency.
I think that you'll force the Civil War to be inside of those guys, and they'll say, these radicals are saying violence, and we have to seize the institutions.
seize them, and then purge them.
We seize the institution, purge them, and that's what you've got, guys.
It's not the Doge crap.
This is serious people like Russ Vought and others that have spent years thinking this whole plan through.
We must strike, and we must strike now.
I know all the haters hate it, but this is the age of Trump.
He's totally redefined politics and power in America, and how'd he do that?
With no political training, because he was- He did it with social media's help.
He did it with a fake shooting.
He did it with social media's help.
He did it with weaponized piles of money.
He did it with coordinated actors on scripts.
a populist and he was a nationalist at the very moment that if you didn't have populist nationalism stopped the managed decline of the country by the elites of the nation.
And does he need a third term in order to see that job through?
Isn't Trudeau actually dating Katy Perry now, the former wife of Russell Brand?
I mean, that's magical.
Well, he's going to get a third term.
So Trump 28, Trump is going to be president of 28.
And people just ought to get accommodated with that.
So what about the 22nd Amendment?
There's many different alternatives.
At the appropriate time, we'll lay out what the plan is.
But there's a plan, and President Trump will be.
And of course, this is supposed to make everybody squirm in their seats and pull their hair out and all this other stuff because we're supposed to get real mad because there's no way you can do that, dude.
There's no way.
Give me a break.
This is just Trump derangement syndrome.
He's going to go on The View and say this, too, probably, and get The View ladies all worked up.
The president in 28.
We had longer odds in 16 and longer odds in 24 than we got in 28.
That's just so dumb, but this is dumber.
Has he upheld all the commitments he made to Bobby when he joined his ticket?
He has.
That was another thing too, right?
When Bobby joined his ticket, I got another round of phone calls from people saying, you know, he's going to make Bobby look
foolish.
He's never going to go through with this.
He just wants Bobby's supporters.
But those people never called me back to say, oh, hey, he actually is working for the president, and they're getting a lot of stuff done, just like he said.
Magnificent, ladies and gentlemen.
Magnificent.
I don't really know what to say other than it's been a long, strange trip.
And I think I need some lunch.
Don't let this song get you down.
It doesn't get me down.
But I am thinking of this guy when I play it.
I miss him very much.
I couldn't save him because these people had me chasing a lab leak instead of telling Nate the truth.
And it was two years ago this week that he came to my house.
We hung out for the last time and he laughed at me because he asked me, what is your plan?
Are you just going to keep going like this?
COVID's over.
Do you really think that this is real?
And I stood there and I looked him in his eyes and I said, I still think you could die from the shot, dude.
You could die tomorrow.
Well, he died about a month and a half later of an acute aneurysm.
It doesn't feel good.
But it is real.
So I'll see you tomorrow.
I don't know what to tell you other than I ain't quitting.
Only for a moment, and the moment's gone.
All my dreams pass before my eyes, a curiosity.
Dust in the wind.
All they are is dust in the wind.
Just a drop of water in an endless sea All we do Crumbles to the ground though we refuse to see Dust in the wind All we are is dust in the wind
Nothing lasts forever but the earth and sky.
It slips away.
And all your money won't another minute buy.
Dust in the wind.
All we are is dust in the wind.
Everything is dust in the wind.
The wind.